Start TinyCrypt deprecation (#79566)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-4.0.rst

* The :ref:`kscan_api` subsystem has been marked as deprecated.

> * Starting from this release the library is being marked as deprecated (:github:`79566`).

Reviewer: `the library`? Maybe say which? :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: Ops, I copied that from the `migration-guide` but in that document this bullet point is in a TinyCrypt specific section so the library is implicit

>   The reasons for this are that (:github:`43712``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The reasons for this are (:github:`43712``):
```

>   * the upstream version of this library is unmaintained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * the upstream version of this library is unmaintained.
```

  * reduce the number of crypto libraries available in Zephyr (currently there are
    3 different implementations: TinyCrypt, MbedTLS and PSA Crypto APIs).

>   PSA Crypto APIs are proposed as the de-facto standard for the future to perform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The PSA Crypto API is now the de-facto standard to perform
```
